what's going on everybody and welcome to
this episode of learning from the pros
joining me today sharing her top 10 tips
on working with paid ads agencies
Freelancers and Consultants is Britney
blankin she is a demand generation
consultant working with B2B SAS
companies she is also an instructor at
ad conversion teaching our B2B
advertising foundations course launching
later this year so Britney welcome super
glad to have you here what's up I'm P
thanks for having me let's go I'm super
stoked you already knew it was like an
instant DM from me when we came up with
this segment on learning from the pros
I'm like we got to get Britney on here
to share uh her tips you know the the
hardest part about getting Britney on
here was thinking about like what for
her to cover because there's so many
things you could share 10 tips on so we
thought we would take a much more unique
and and uncommon topic which is working
with paid ads agencies Freelancers and
Consultants Bry what's been your
experience in terms of like your
exposure to working with these uh third
contractors oh yeah for sure I mean I've
been on in-house side for over 10 years
and so I was like really as a demand gen
manager director and like working my way
up to a VP you needed I've always needed
to extend my team whether it's agencies
Consultants freelancer so I've actually
been on both sides now and it's been
fascinating to understand like wow if I
actually knew the things I know now like
coming from like the consultant side I
would have probably managed a lot of my
agencies and Freelancers and Consultants
a lot differently as an in-house
marketer so I'm really excited but
that's like really where I come into
play so really if you are an in-house
marketer I've really designed these
things for you and of course like if
you're a freelancer consultant take
these two and run with it because it's
really how can you create a high
performance team so not only help your
clients better but then also how can you
get what you need to drive more results
even faster yeah I'm definitely taking
uh I'm taking my notes Here
for for the agency side for sure let's
uh let's kick off with tip number one so
really I when it comes to these tips
there's 10 tips right and I was like gez
I could write 100 tips to be quite
honest so I bucket them into four
buckets of tips so you got people you've
got product you got process and then
you've got results and I really made
sure to highlight within the tips like
how they resonated with each of those
buckets so the first bucket is all
around people right so this is around
defining working expectations and who's
really involved because if you're not
really setting those expectations
upfront of like how you're working with
your clients or vice versa things get
weird real fast and then same thing if
you don't know your internal teams or
who's going to be working alongside you
your client might get confused too so
really understanding the people involved
in creating your process is going to be
super key so that's where I started so
let's dive in the first one around
people is like number one be clear on
your communication needs and
expectations upfront so this is really
deciding you know if you're working in
slack versus email how quickly you want
your um responses to come in too so hey
I'm a you know if I'm hiring an agency I
want to be very clear like hey I want
you to answer my slack summary emails
within 12 business hours or within 24
business hours what does that look like
because that's really going to help the
expectations up front of how quickly you
guys are going to be moving and what
those you know what those expectations
are around my default is is it's like
it's implied it's obvious like as soon
as possible is kind of my you know just
how I operate but that's such a good
point that's already a nugget for me cuz
I'm not asking clients how fast do you
want us to respond to you like my
assumption is we're going to respond to
you as fast as humanly possible but
maybe that's an opportunity where like
if you're listening to this as like an
agency or someone on the service side
you're kind of shooting yourself in the
foot with a false expectation right and
you have more wiggle room than you might
think in terms of what this client needs
from a communication standpoint 100%
hands down because then like if you're
managing multiple clients which a lot of
us are right it really helps you
prioritize how do I need to get back to
these clients and really triage your day
more effectively tip number two so again
this is all about people the second tip
is you know decide your meeting Cadence
right how frequently do you want to have
meetings with these clients again it
goes back to the communication but some
clients want to meet weekly some clients
want to meet bi-weekly right it just
really depends so again understanding
their needs how fast they want to get
things done is going to really help you
uh hold accountability so for instance
for me when I'm onboarding a client I
like to have as like one meeting a week
for the first six weeks so that we can
start gaining the momentum faster and
then once we're in a steady state then
we can back off to bi-weekly again it
just depends on the goals how quickly
they need to get there what do the
timelines look like so the meeting
Cadence is so key because it's really a
forcing function it helps like not only
the agencies and Freelancers like get
their together but also it helps
make sure that um are you getting what
you need fast enough from your client
and then vice versa weekly for the first
six weeks and then from there shift
towards a bi-weekly Cadence when you
were in house did you find this Cadence
was like what worked best for you as the
uh the point of contact I think so
yeah and again like when especially when
it comes to paid ads um those first six
weeks of getting everybody set up
getting them into systems aligning goals
uh getting them to understand my ICP and
audience like having two weeks in
between is just such a it's just like
nails on the chalkboard for me like
let's address everything pretty quickly
so yeah in-house I really like that and
a lot of agencies depending on how much
we were dealing with it continued to be
weekly for an much more extended time so
again I think it just depends on what do
your clients need what are the goals are
you hitting those goals or exceeding
them and then really kind of maneuver
there but for me I found at least six
weeks is really key for the first um for
like weeklys and then figure it out from
there this is an unplanned question but
do you have any insights like things
that have worked for you in terms of
structuring the meetings when you are
with your client on that weekly or
bi-weekly whatever it ends up being yes
I actually just wrote a LinkedIn post
about dude like yes so the first thing
want to do when you're structuring your
meetings is really understand like who's
going to be on that meeting so a lot of
my meetings are dealing with VPS of
marketing cro CEOs they don't want to
get into the weeds unless they have to
right so I really structure my meetings
on kind of an executive communication
level and I break it down into three
major buckets notable updates what do
you need like what do you need to know
what you need to give a about
number two here are all the roadblocks
that are preventing me to hit our goals
faster and then number three priorities
and action items here's what's in
progress here's what we're working on
here's what I need from you these are
the action items set and I really break
it down to those three buckets and it
really helps and especially going back
to those notable updates when you are
clearly defining your goals make sure
that you are um reporting on those goals
how are we pacing to lead volume pip
pipeline volume uh conversion rates and
then make sure that they know okay yep
we launched this campaign to address X
we adjusted this copy to address why so
again that's what when it goes to when
you're talking about notable updates
make sure you're also including the
goals I love that so just to recap that
first you got to know who you're who
you're speaking with and then in terms
of the the way you think about the
actual running the call it's you break
them into these three buckets so you've
got notable updates what you need to
know
and then blockers I think often times
when you're on the service side it's
really easy to bombard the client with
information that's too in the weeds I
mean I know I'm guilty of this and and
you know we've definitely experienced
this on the agency side where it's like
we are getting too into the minutia and
it's like are we wasting our effort here
and then the other downside too from the
service side is you're putting all this
time and energy to craft this update and
have all this level of detail but the
reality is is maybe they don't even care
you know what I mean and they don't they
don't want to know that and that is such
like a huge thing that I still struggle
with like am I getting too detailed or
am I providing too much of an update
because at the end of the day I think
like your meeting should be a proactive
and productive conversation not like hey
here's a screen or a slide slideshow
with bullets and let me walk through
because like why are you having the
meeting that could have easily been a
loom update or a slack update so it
should like your meeting should be
around of course getting them like up to
speed on what's happened but really
taking that opportunity to have those
strategic conversations to make sure are
we prioritizing things correctly are
there things aren't performing well how
do we need a pivot I think if you can
have a productive conversation that's
the lens that I always look through um
because I think again that's how meeting
should like that's how I would want the
meetings to roll I love that just one
tip for everyone listening on the
communication side what I found is that
the better job you do communicating
asynchronously the more trust you'll
build with the client and the less of a
need they'll feel to have those weeklies
and then be able to switch to B
bi-weekly what you're saying and one
really tactical thing that we found
works really well is every Monday start
off the week with an alignment message
in the slack Channel like hey everyone
hope you had a great weekend here are
our current priorities for the week
things we're working through it just
gets everyone on the same page they
understand what matters if there's any
pending it on their side and then on
Fridays you send a recap message like
hey everyone you know happy Friday we
won the week here's the key things that
we accomplished here's some things to be
uh mindful of you know hope you have a
great weekend and just adding that
Monday alignment message and that Friday
recap dramatically reduces the need for
that Weekly sync so then when you do get
together to your point like I I like
emphasize this in my notes that keyword
productive you can actually have a
productive meeting where everyone's
aligned and they're on the same page and
the meeting is less about like what are
we working on what are we doing and like
all the little details and like catch up
and it's more of like Hey we're here to
understand how we're pacing a goal and
uh what are the big blockers and and
things to be mindful of like you said
earlier 100% that's huge I started
incorporating that into my
communications with my clients and it's
so I mean you hit the nail on the head
Sylvio it really really does help
especially with building Trust
especially early on and even from your
client side I actually hated when I
didn't hear any updates from my agency
partners or my Freelancers and
Consultants it was like crickets and
like I know like we know that we're
working on the account and we're doing
stuff almost every day but they don't
know that right they can't read our
minds they don't know what's going on so
even saying hey this is what we did like
just a quick little you know you're
still on our mind you're not like yeah
serious like it's such a big thing
because I know so many marketers me
included we've been burned by so many
agencies like the first six weeks are
great and then what and then it's like
the communication just drops off so if
you start a consistent communication
Outreach strategy at the beginning it's
easier to hold on to that but it's also
easier to continue that it's almost like
getting them in the H habit of like oh
yeah I'm going to hear from them on
Mondays and Fridays I don't want like
and it prevents that ad hoc
communication which could also derail
your productivity so 10 out of 10 I
would totally recommend you know one of
the best compliments I ever got was from
a client and uh this is like 13 months
into working together and they're like
Sylvio I just want to let you know like
working with you on month 13 still feels
like it's month one like in the terms of
like we're always communicating we're
active we're doing things and by just
setting up those rituals and simple
habits and routines it forces that
consistency you know where you're like
hey it's just what we do like going to
the gym it's like it's Monday I'm
hitting chest you know what I mean like
there's no thought and it's just that
ritual and the same thing from the
communication Cadence with with clients
um yeah I love it tip number three so
this is the last one in the people
bucket um this is all around being
really clear of who and what tools your
agency or Freelancers will need to be
working in and who like who are they
working with adjacently on the team so
for instance systems are super super key
especially when it comes to working with
people so understanding you know who
everyone that you're interfacing with is
going to really help streamline
operations and getting things done and
then also making sure that you know
giving your agency or Freelancers as
much access as they need upfront will
help expedite everything I mean when I
onboard a new client I have a list of
the tools that I'll need access to when
it comes to managing paid ads or
managing Dem Manion strategy right so
it's like give me slacker teams access
give me access to all the ad platforms
Mark animation CRM access website access
the list goes on and on but if you can
provide a list and even what how the
client can get those to you faster with
instructions links the easier it's going
to be I cannot Echo that point enough
Loom videos here are critical like you
can film looms showing you how to
provide access to HubSpot or linkoln
article just Dove tabling that point of
like getting clear on who and what tools
if you're listening to this and you are
working internally right and you're
working with an agency or or a third-
party vendor if you can get clear on the
tools that you need to give them access
to and then figure out like who's
responsible on your team to get them
access just going through that thought
process can already help you accelerate
the onboarding time of that agency and
freelancer consultant because at the end
of the day if they're not able to get
access to their tools they're not going
to ramp up fast enough so you're going
to be spending money and time on
somebody that's not 100% full capacity
and just running I mean I go as far as I
have a client questionnaire that I ask a
lot of like strategic questions on but
then I even ask like what are the tools
that are in your Tech stack and once I
know that I will literally rinse and
repeat Yep this is this is the tools
here's what I need access to and so
there already starting to think about it
and so I've expedited my onboarding
process significantly by asking those
specific questions because a lot of
times when like when I was in an
in-house marketer it would take agencies
on average four weeks just to get in my
systems and it's just like I don't have
enough time and so yeah knowing that
that was a huge pain point of mine I was
like no how can I get into your um into
your tools and start providing value
ASAP that was a game changer so now
asking those right questions getting
access giving them instruction
I'm in their systems day one pretty much
and I'm literally speaking from
experience I just onboarded a new client
two weeks ago we made sure to audit
everything get going and we launched our
first campaign legitimately in the first
5 days of getting going obviously ad
conversion is very different you guys
are a different breed over there you're
not going to find that period if you're
on a major agency perspective but you're
definitely not going to find that with
an agency if you're not prepared with
coming to the table with G giving them
access right right away so tip number
four this is where we're going to swing
into like the product bucket so this is
really where tip number four if you are
working with an agency freelancer
consultant review your brand foundation
with them this is going to be super
crucial what I mean about brand
Foundation it's like really covering
what does your company or solution do
what is it what is your unique value
proposition why are you different what's
your key messaging like your origin
story your value statements your tone of
voice your competition like this is
where you're going to really take them
through what your product or solution is
so that they can actually come alongside
you and be a productive extension of
your team and even go as far as
scheduling time with your with your
agency or Freelancers to sit on a demo
so they can like really like live and
breathe in your product um that's been
huge so going back to this onboarding
questionnaire that I've put together
like if you don't do that I definitely
recommend it but start asking these
questions so that you know your your
your clients or your decision makers can
easily um answer those because that's a
huge yeah portion of kicking things off
correctly you know on the flip side of
that if your agency consultant
freelancer whatever they might be is not
asking you to explain to them these
things around your unique selling
proposition what's your messaging look
like who are the competitors you're
going against what are the key aha
moments people get from your product how
does your product work like you know I
always say at the end of the day as a
marketer you need to sell yourself first
because how you going to sell others so
if they're not trying to understand your
business and your product and your end
Persona how effective will they be at
like brainstorming cool creative ideas
coming up with targeting possibilities
writing copy crafting offers they're not
because they don't really understand
who's on the other side of the message
Bingo that is going to be so crucial for
you to get so much out of your
relationship I always say like marketers
were really good thiefs because at the
end of the day all we're doing is we're
trying to tap into our customer and just
steal all the genius from them and just
re you know repurpose it and get it back
from them right like your your Target
customer knows the messaging they know
the pain points they know the the the
key outcomes that they care about and
it's like all we are here to do is tap
into their genius as much as possible
steal as much as we can reshape it
reformat it you know present it in a
better way and then just speak to them
um with with what they care about yeah
because at the end of the day if you
don't know your audience your customers
what the heck are you doing like come on
that's where you start so yeah in that
you know reviewing the brand Foundation
make sure you're asking who are your
customer customers are send me a list of
logos and so I can like creep on them on
LinkedIn like do it yeah one thing I'll
add on tip four here around your brand
Foundation if you're listening to this
and you're like you know I'm thinking
about working with an agency freelancer
consultant Etc but I don't really have a
strong brand Foundation I don't have
messaging documents in place I haven't
clearly defined our top competitors like
you haven't done the product marketing
work
first from a paid ads perspective I
would almost caution you to really dial
that in and get that clear first because
with paid specifically it's just an
accelerant right and it's like
guaranteed distribution and guaranteed
visibility but if you haven't figured
that out it's like those are the
elements almost think of it as like the
Lego blocks that go into creating the
actual set and if you don't have that
figured out your Ad Agency might not be
able to support you in the best way
because a lot of your budget is going to
go being spent on trying to figure that
stuff out versus you coming to the table
with those insights already so number
five so we're still in product World um
make sure your extended team fully knows
the audiences you're
targeting we kind of tapped into that in
tip number four but literally like I
wanted to emphasize it in its own tip
because audience is the foundation of
everything you're going to be doing um
so really dive into who you're targeting
so what's the ICP verticals industry job
titles functions like really really hone
in on that and make sure that they know
that where your buyer Persona is and
their pain points jobs to be done like
find legit examples of customer
testimonials and validate that send them
recorded calls from like prospecting
calls that went really well get as close
to their customer as possible and vice
versa give your agency or your
Freelancers your Consultants as much
customer information as possible because
they're they need to know that and have
a shared place where this information
lives so if your Ad Agency is going to
build campaigns for you they don't have
to constantly keep hitting you up on hey
what were the job titles for this
Persona that we want to go after or the
industries like just have a shared
living document where all that stuff
lives and then what I would recommend
that you ask of your Ad Agency or
freelancer consultant whoever is running
your campaigns is to take your messaging
documents and you know all that
information you already have and then
have them translate your buyer Persona
into the ad Persona so essentially what
that means tactically is you know when
you have these beautiful product
marketing Docs it's like you have these
certain titles you have these industries
and things like that which is fantastic
but it's like what you have and then
what LinkedIn actually allows you to to
Target is sometimes you know it's it's
always different essentially by taking
it a step further and then having them
transfer your buyer Persona into an ad
persona it's essentially just
translating what are the actual
targeting options that are available to
get in front of that buyer's Persona
right so it's very specific to the
platform so most of you listening to
this if you're in B2B you're going to be
on LinkedIn so we can actually Link in
the uh show notes Here an ad Persona
document that we have in our building a
PID media program course and you guys
can just copy that make it as a template
but essentially it's broken out into
different sections of like what are the
firmographics what are the demographics
what is the the consumption what types
of keywords will they search that can
Inspire Google ads and Page search
activities but just having them do that
I think would be really great because
oftentimes in my experience you could
have these illustrious product marketing
documents but then when it's like
showtime and like we're actually get in
front of this person maybe the title is
so Niche that you can't actually get to
them by targeting through title and you
need to get creative and maybe use like
function seniority skills or something
else and I would honestly take it one
step further too and have your clients
Define what is a what is like a good
lead look like and what is like a good
like what is a lead versus an mql or a
lead versus a qualified lead so that
when you're starting to review the leads
that are coming in from your campaigns
you guys are very aligned on on all
those criteria so you're like well yeah
they they rais their hand to request a
demo for instance but they're actually
not qualified because they have the
wrong job title right so that then you
can then go proactively look and like
start excluding those and suppressing
them from your targeting so again like
take it a step further too like build
out that ad persona but then also build
out like what's a qualified ad Persona
look like too so that you are constantly
staying in alignment with your um with
your client and then vice versa like
in-house marketers really guide your
agencies to what happens after those
leads come in like agencies a lot of
times they they just stop yep we
generated leads done that's not how I
operate I know that's not how ad
conversion operates but it's like it
you've got to enable them to get deeper
because it's not about generating leads
it's about generating legit pipeline
revenue for the business so make sure to
have a clear understanding of what does
that look like and what does that
process look like one more Super
practical tip I mean if if you guys
haven't got value already I mean have
you been listening uh but one more
extremely practical tip on tip five that
it's something that that we do and it's
like so easy to do and you can do it if
you're inh house and set this up for
your agency or if you're lucky and you
have a great consultant like Britney or
you're working with an agency like us
and they can set up for you have a
shared Channel with lead alerts and make
sure everyone is in that channel of the
lead alerts so then they can see the
name the title the comp
and even better if it's from LinkedIn
capture the LinkedIn profile URL so then
you can click on the LinkedIn profile
URL and actually see who opted in and
it's such a master class in terms of
quality and and have everyone on the
same page literally Game Changer yes
double like double click on that
seriously and then you talk about it in
real time with your clients it's amazing
tip number six so this is a really good
transition we're transitioning into like
the process tips now so
I kind of hinted at it in my last tip
but for this one be specific on how
things should be tracked like Define
your operational Plumbing because again
we're not here to just drive leads we're
here to drive legit impact for the
business so understand and work with
your teams whether you're in-house
agency consultant to map out okay when
someone converts and fills out a Le gen
form now what what do qualified leads
look like how are leads being handed off
to the sales team do we have bdrs that
are following up how are they being
alerted right what does that look like
what does that process look like and
walk through that and then number two
like understand the tracking of it so do
we need to uh use specific
UTM um on our campaigns do we need to
include our Legion forms on specific
workflows in our Market animation
platform to make sure that they are
routed correctly right so walk through
those things and Define it because
things that matter get tracked and if
you can't track it what the heck are you
doing tracking all of the steps is so
vital you know like like pre-post
because at the end of the day it's going
to give you signals right and then
depending on your sales cycle you know
your product your segment Etc it will
take longer so like let's assume the
goal is to drive an OP depending on you
and your business it could take a while
to get an actual op so if you have to
wait 3 months 6 months to know if you
actually are going to get an OP or not
like most people can't afford that we
can't even spend two weeks on a campaign
without having any like Guiding Light on
how it's performing by so mapping out
those different steps to be tracked is
critical if you can do that work
internally already for your agency and
say hey here are my life cycle stages we
want to understand how we are
progressing through them we want to
understand the drop off the conversion
rates that will give your partner so
much Clarity on how you're judging
success and ultimately how they should
be reflecting and then going back to our
earlier Point how they should be
reporting to you on the things that you
need to know uh on your on your syns I
mean I think we just jumped into my next
uh my next tip like like make sure so
the next tip tip number uh seven is
really understanding your historical
Benchmark so that you can share it with
your agencies and Freelancers again like
map out your funnel but understand like
this is how we're operating now so leads
are converting into qualified leads at
80% conversion rate okay cool how can we
maintain that or even increase that
that's going to be those guard rails
that your partners are going to be
needing to operate efficiently if people
aren't asking you questions like what's
your historical Benchmark right like
what is the average pipe to spend you've
been receiving from these channels
what's your pipe to spend Target on
average how many qualified leads turn
into an actual meeting and so on and so
forth probably red flag that they are
not trying to drive the actual business
impact 100% And I'm going to like double
into that too like if they aren't even
asking you like your cost per
opportunity your cost per lead your win
rates they aren't reverse engineering
your funnel to make it as efficient as
possible because there's there's break
even cpls like like there's things that
you can do to guide your client in a way
that makes sense for their funnel
because everyone has different um unit
economics so really understanding those
to then reverse engineer what's actually
should be working is going to be a game
changer or you're just going to be
flying blind they're going to be Flying
Blind so it's just if they're not asking
you those questions yeah huge red flag
I'll give you a real example we have a
client where their initial goal that
they told us was to maximize as many
leads as possible and just like he's
like let's just drive the most leads and
we basically like unpacked that a little
bit we're like yeah of course you want
to drive the most leads but even if
you're not 100% sure you know it's
totally fine this can be changed in the
future but give us a specific Target one
key specific Target where it's if we
achieve this one thing everything else
is fantastic we are successful for most
businesses that something has to do with
pipeline or Revenue impact so like if
you're listening to this and you're like
well I'm running awareness campaigns so
you know we want to drive awareness like
expose accounts you know we're measuring
video view completions and all that's
fantastic and like all that stuff
matters and yes you should be optimizing
and watching it but at the end of the
day what's the one One Core goal the one
key kpi where it's like this is the
thing that we use as the filter to then
run all of our other decisions
opportunities through because if you
don't have that one goal then you're not
going to have the clarity of M on like
hey we should prioritize these types of
channels or we should prioritize these
types of uh you know campaign objectives
and so on and so forth and then adding
on to that assigning a timeline hey we
want to achieve a 5X to send ratio from
paid you know in the next 90 days like
that is just gold so then from there now
your agency can be more effective at
saying hey here's how we're pacing
towards that Target so even if it'll
change it's better to have something to
aim for than nothing at all tip number
eight so this is a very tactical process
um tip but be clear on your naming
conventions if you have a preference
this goes for if you're you're telling
that to your agent to your freelancer
consultant or vice versa because at the
end of the day I want my clients to be
able to jump into these ad platforms to
understand what's working what's not in
real time like really Empower them to do
so if you don't have legit consistent
naming conventions it's going to look
like Chinese to them they're not going
to understand it and it's not going to
be congruent uh with any of the
reporting that they may have too so just
leaning in there and understanding like
what your teams want to name campaigns
fors creative Define that in the
onboarding because that's going to
affect how you organize the account how
your um client's going to be reporting
and it's going to help you enable just
again enable your client to maybe get in
in there if they want to um to like kind
of read everything correctly yeah and if
you're listening to this on on the
client or on the internal side and
you're like I don't really know what
naming conventions I should set up I'm
not 100% sure just ask yourself what are
the kind of questions I'd like to answer
from from these campaigns that are
running and then just work backwards so
for example if you'd like to answer a
common question like what ad message is
working best well then you should know
already in your ad name in your naming
convention you should have something
around the angle that you're testing
within the ad because then it's going to
make it easy to report or maybe the
question you you want to ask is how is
the US doing against emia right a
certain region then you know by default
I should probably have the region in my
campaign name because that's a question
I want to answer I think a lot of times
people they get caught up in like oh
well how are other people doing their
naming conventions or what conversion
tracking setup like I had a question the
other day somebody's like what event
should I track in ga4 and I'm like I'm
like you're you're starting from the
wrong place like it starts with what are
the questions that I want to answer and
then make sure you have the naming
conventions set up that allow you to
easily answer it and then the same thing
from a tracking perspective number nine
so this is the last bucket that I
organize all the tips in and this is
really the results bucket have clear
trackable goals okay like determine the
metrics that matter that your partners
should track and the frequency they
should report on these metrics I like to
report on these weekly um just to make
sure everything is working correctly
pacing makes sense we're pivoting
quickly right um and also ensure that
you understand those leading and lagging
indicators um if you're listening to
this and you're the inhouse point of
contact come come to the table with
those goals be very clear hey these are
the expectations these are what I want
to this is the uh the goals that I want
to see the metrics that I want to exceed
if you're in that experimental phase of
well I don't know what it should be well
let's start somewhere together if you
have clear consistent goals and just
objectives that you want to reach or
exceed that's going to help you
prioritize what needs to be done first
what's your approach when clients tell
you certain goals and like you yourself
don't know if it's realistic or not so
maybe your client's like oh I want to
drive 100 Ops in a month or something
like this how do you think about and
like approach that I think that just
goes back to tip number like SI five or
six that we talked about like
understanding the process like what are
their benchmarks what are their win
rates what is their uh deal size and
like really understand that because
again if they're like yeah we want to
drive x amount of pipeline in two months
but the uh speed to generate it an
opportunity is 90 days three months well
then that doesn't make sense so it's
like let's see if it is realistic based
off like your historic goals and what
your go to Market unit economics looks
like and then if you're coming to the
table with those goals and they make
sense then let's let's freaking go but
if it doesn't then that opens up a
really good conversation of hey let's
actually talk through this together this
is what makes sense like this is
realistic um and sometimes they need
they need that sometimes I'm working
with a ton of clients right now that
don't really understand how to get there
and so that's why they're hiring us so
um make sure like you're coming in as a
partner who is confident to push back in
obviously a respectable way but you're
there to help them achieve that let's
make it let's make sure it makes sense
yeah 100% And if you're listening to
this right now and you're like I don't
have historical benchmarks you know I I
don't have anything to go off of I'm
just starting from zero then what you
want to do instead is you want to have
that Target but then think of it as like
IM malleable right because you don't
have anything to support it and then as
far as like your ad campaigns go you
want to be thinking in terms of Pilots
hey let's launch a pilot on this channel
get some benchmarks have some baselines
okay now we can start to get a little
bit more strategic and calculated of
what can we expect what can't we expect
and and you know and so on and so forth
for people listening to this and they're
like well how much is enough to get
started I always recommend at least 100
clicks if we're talking conversions uh
so like direct response cuz if you get
100 clicks and you don't get a single
conversion that means your conversion
rate is less than 1% which probably
means it's not working too well it's not
going to work out so that's like a good
starting point so then whatever your
average CPC is you can just you know
spend a 100 bucks see what your average
cost per click is take that times 100
that's your pilot budget and that's just
a starting point you're not going to get
rich off this it's just to understand
how much how many and then from there
you can start to dive more into it
that's really specific to like campaigns
that are driving to a landing page where
you're trying to drive a conversion so I
mean that could be like LinkedIn like
absent of traffic Source it's I'm
driving to this page I want someone to
do something that's kind of like the
Baseline sample that I that I aim for
where it gets different is like now if
we're talking about like awareness vers
conversion for awareness for those
listening where you're like what's a
good starting budget for ABM awareness I
always recommend minimum1 Impressions by
account ideally a thousand Impressions
by account and when you start to scope
that out and now you know your average
CPM you can take the difference and then
you can multiply what is required to
expose 100 accounts uh versus uh you
know a thousand and so on and so forth
because the biggest thing people get
wrong on on awareness especially for
LinkedIn and ABM is they don't have
enough Impressions by account so it's
like when you run the numbers it's like
I have an account list of you know I
don't know a 100 companies and then my
budget is 100 bucks it shakes out to
like a dollar per account which is I
mean just saying it out loud sounds
ridiculous but I mean 96% of LinkedIn ad
accounts that we audit are all falling
into this mistake is they they have way
too many accounts in their list and
there's not enough budget to actually
satisfy that list we've talked about it
but I'm going to emphasize it again set
clear timelines and deliverables so
defining the success metrics that's
going to matter
and then really understanding what the
road map is to get there is just as
important we talked about this but I'm
going to emphasize it again it's you've
got to have clear upfront timelines for
both parties or that's where that's
where it gets squirrly like if it's not
defined up front or you're not defining
it as you go like this is what we expect
from the pilot this is what we expect
from month one month two that's when
things start going sideways so be
proactive in your communication
but set those clear timelines and
deliverables up front I think that's
going to be super super key one of the
things that I you know like absent of
paid ads and just like being in a
leadership position one of the things
that I heard that I loved and it just
stuck with me is you want to manage
outcomes not
tasks and by getting really clear on
like hey here are the goals here are the
deliverables here are the timelines and
managing and holding your partners
responsible to the outcomes and being
less involved in the tasks is really key
because where I've seen it go wrong is
clients will hire an agency they'll hire
a freelancer consultant an expert to
help them in a certain thing and they
get so bogged down in the tasks and
managing them on the tasks where they're
like fighting against the agency the
agency saying hey we should do it this
way we should do it that way and they're
like ignoring the advice of the person
they brought on to help them with the
problem cuz they're getting so caught up
in the weeds and the minutia versus
you're better off stepping out of that
which is why why you brought them on in
the first place to get you some time
back right and to have somebody else
take care of this hold them accountable
to the outcomes and let them execute the
tasks in the way they best see fit
because they're the experts and they've
done this countless times huge huge I
think a lot of In-House marketers and I
was one of them it's so easy to get
caught into the weeds but again if
you're managing on those outcomes it's
like such a great way to say it you're
going to get to the results that you're
act that actually matter so I love that
I love love love that and it's like also
you're not getting caught off guard with
like oh a new thing just happened oh
LinkedIn allowed you to do this now it
like it keeps you grounded and focused
on what really matters and of course
like let your agency and your partners
come to the table with new ideas of
course but it's like it keeps you
focused and focus is the biggest thing
like I feel like I can have a whole
conversation around like you know the
8020 principle but it's like if you
literally just if you get two in the
weeds and you you're not defining the
outcomes and the timelines you're going
to get so off track so fast and you're
going to be optimizing things that don't
even matter Mike drop I think that's a
great place to end this conversation so
just to recap the 10 tips tip number one
is to be clear on your communication
needs upfront tip number two is to
decide your meeting Cadence tip number
three is to get clear on The Who and the
what with the tools and who has to
provide access tip number four was to
review your brand foundations with your
partners and providers tip number five
is to know your targeting tip number six
is to be specific on how things should
be tracked tip number seven is to
understand your historical benchmarks
tip number eight is to dial in your
naming conventions tip number nine is to
set clear trackable goals and results
and finally tip number 10 is to set
timelines and deliverables britty thank
you so much for being a part of this
episode I had a blast we can talk
forever if people wanted to connect with
you we're I find you find me on LinkedIn
back Britney blankin and send me a DM DM
let me know what you think about it it
was awesome being a part of this
seriously Sylvio this was awesome my
pleasure uh we're going to link
Britney's socials down below so
definitely check her out or her website
everything like that if you need help
with demand generation she is the woman
to call all right thank you so much
we'll see you in the next episode take
care everybody